[v21.0.x] backport: 21.0.1 backports and release notes (#6165)
dashpay/dash: doc/release-notes.md

# Notable changes

Transaction Retrieval Bug
-------------------------

> A bug that prevented retrieval of information for unmined transactions with clients that do not participate in address

Reviewer: I like the very first version, but maybe change "This resulted in SPV nodes not proactively receiving TX messages" to something like  "This resulted Dash Core v21 is not sending anything but blocks to light clients" ?

I even can't find in Google what is "address relaying" in bitcoin/dash.

-----
First version:

 SPV Client Bugfix
---------------------------------------------------------
Networking backports resulted in a regression where SPV / light nodes are incorrectly treated as block_only connections.
This resulted in SPV nodes not proactively receiving TX messages. Kuddos to @HashEngineering and @knst for finding and
investigating this issue.

> A bug that prevented retrieval of information for unmined transactions with clients that do not participate in address
> relaying due to partial misclassification as a block-only connection, has been resolved. This was identified by Dash
> mobile wallets not seeing transactions until they were mined. Kudos to @HashEngineering and @knst for finding and investigating this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SPV Client Bugfix
---------------------------------------------------------
Networking backports resulted in a regression where SPV / light nodes are incorrectly treated as block_only connections.
This resulted Dash Core v21 is not sending anything but blocks to light clients.
Kuddos to @HashEngineering and @knst for finding and
investigating this issue.
```

Reviewer 2: The clients weren't fully treated as block-only (only one check was affected) nor did the bug exclusively affect light clients (it affected any client that didn't indicate it wanted to relay addresses).

> mobile wallets not seeing transactions until they were mined. Kudos to @HashEngineering and @knst for finding and investigating this issue.

Reviewer 2: LGTM
